Many people today believe in God
and are interested in spirituality.
Yet instead of turning to organized religion,
they choose to practice spirituality on their own.
Why?
Some have been disillusioned by religiously-based violence
and the hypocrisy of religious leaders.
Have dismissed religion as a relevant,
must you belong to an organized religion to worship God?
What's God's view?
The Bible tells us how faithful people in the past worshiped God,
people such as Abraham.
Abraham had a personal relationship with his creator.
He even came to be called God's friend.
He lived by God's standards and taught his household to do the same.
Like many other faithful people in the Bible,
Abraham worshipped as part of a community with family and servants.
Later, God required the ancient Israelites
and first-century Christians to worship together as a group.
Those gatherings included reading and explaining scriptures,
singing, and praying together.
God's worshipers were organized into what were called congregations.
The Bible mentions congregations found throughout first-century Asia Minor and Europe.
In fact, many statements in the Bible would make little sense
if God did not require us to worship Him as part of a congregation.
For example, first Corinthians one time says that his worshipers should not be divided.
Rather, they should be united and in agreement on spiritual matters.
How could someone apply this direction if his or her worship was independent and attached from others?
The biblical evidence clearly shows that God wants you to serve Him and offer Him praise
as a part of His congregation of people.
He wants you to meet and worship alongside people who truly care about one another,
who, like you, are interested in learning more about Him.
But you may wonder, if there's an organized religion God approves of,
how can I find it today?
To learn more about what the Bible says on this and many other topics,
go to jw.org.